+## Share my thinking process here
+
+1. What is the bioinformatics challenge your scripts solve?
+
+Determinate if the DNA isolate technique is functional for extract DNA for the target regions (Golden Genes), while you discard the unwanted regions. The scripts allow to calculate the existing coverage in each evaluated region (Golden Genes and Unwanted Regions), looking for which regions of DNA were isolated with a greater coverage.
+
+2. Why is important to solve this bioinformatics challenge (think like the scientist that requested the solution to the problem at hand)?
+
+A scientist groupo are looking to extract specific regions of DNA, so a new technique of DNA isolation for these regions (Golden Genes) was developed. Scientists want to know if the technique they develop is effective for the process they require. For this, DNA extraction is sequenced, and raw coverage data are calculate whitin these regions. It is necessary to perform the final calculations of coverage, to evaluate if the technique isolate in a greater proprtion or not the desired region, which is possible whit the bioinformatic processes developed in this excersice. Depending on the results it os possible to know if the technique is effective or if it's necessary to make changes for obtain higher extaction yields in the wanted regions.
+
+3. How do your scripts solve the bioinformatics challenge? (Explain briefly how your scripts work)
+
+First I separate the loci in different files, second I made a list with these files, after I made a loops for calculate the variables "covb", "regl" and "seqb", next I sent the files with the values of "covb", "regl" and "seqb" to R project directory, and in R I calculated "bcov" and "mdcov", finally in R I made a plot whit the values of "bcov" and "mdcov" for the different regions (Golden Genes and the unwanted regions).
+
+4. Show a tree description of the final file structure of your process directory.
+
+Bioinformatician-001/                   ## The original cloned repository directory

++-- process				    ## This is the directory where your code will be
+¦   +-- README.md			## A readme file explaining your process 
+¦   +-- Plot_seq_cov.R			## Rscript to plot the requested figures
+¦   +-- Calc_cov.sh                    ## Bash script for calculate the variables covb, regl and seqb
+¦   +-- Calc_bcov_mdcov.R              ## Rscript for calculate the bcov and mdcov
++-- README.md				## This README file, explaining the test
++-- results-examples	    		## We provide examples of the requested outputs, your results should be as close to this as possible
+¦   +-- coverage_calculations.tsv	## An example of the requested results, generated by Winter Genomics team
+¦   +-- analysis_report.pdf		## An example of the report that answers the original questions posed by the PROBLEM DESCRIPTION
+¦   +-- Analysus_report.pdf            ## Report of analysis that I made  
+¦   +-- Results_bcov_mdcov.csv         ## Results of coverage for the different regions
+¦   +-- Seq_cov_GG.jpeg                ## Plot of coverage of Golden Genes and Unwanted regions
++-- test-materials			## In this directory we provide the necessary data to generate the requested results
+    +-- test-data
+        +-- raw_coverages_by_base.tsv    ## A raw coverage file. Was generated with bedtools v2.25.0 using the -d option, using a public BAM file and a focused BED file for the loci of interest
+
+````
+